feat(multi-source-security-viewer): migrate plugin to the new frontend system (#10059)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/multi-source-security-viewer/.changeset/migrate-mssv-new-frontend-system.md

---
'@backstage-community/plugin-multi-source-security-viewer': major
---

> Migrate Multi-Source-Security-Viewer plugin to the new frontend system (NFS). Legacy (OFS) exports remain available from the main entry point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrate Multi-Source-Security-Viewer plugin to the new frontend system (NFS). Legacy (OFS) exports are available from the `/legacy` subpath.
```

Also as a good practice breaking changes (major bumps) should have longer, more detailed changeset messages that explain what changed, why it's breaking, and what manual steps adopters need to take. Currently the changeset is a single sentence. It should include something like:

```
**BREAKING:** The default export is now the NFS plugin created with `createFrontendPlugin`.
Named exports (`multiSourceSecurityViewerPlugin`, `EntityMultiCIPipelinesContent`,
`isMultiCIAvailable`, `isMultiCIAvailableAndEnabled`) have been moved to the `/legacy` subpath.

To migrate existing OFS usage, update imports:
- import { multiSourceSecurityViewerPlugin } from '@backstage-community/plugin-multi-source-security-viewer/legacy';
+ import { EntityMultiCIPipelinesContent } from '@backstage-community/plugin-multi-source-security-viewer/legacy';
```
